Initial README revision (#12)
veraison/services: README.md

Refer to [scope](https://github.com/veraison/docs/blob/main/project-overview.md#scope---provisioning) for full set of services that shall be provided by the provisioning service.

## Verification

Verification service provides REST based API interface for external Attesters or Relying Parties (known as challenger) to submit Attestation token, containing Attestation Evidence claims. On the back end it communicates with [VTS](#Veraison-Trusted-Services) for appraising the received Evidence and receives the Attestation Verification Results from VTS, which are then passed to the challenger.

This service acts as a front end to accept a variety of attestation token formats. For now, only PSA (Profile 1 & Profile 2) and TPM based attestation tokens are supported.

The API interface is based on the Challenge/Response Interaction Models as documented in [challenge-response](https://github.com/veraison/docs/tree/main/api/challenge-response)

## Veraison Trusted Services

> Veraison Trusted Services(VTS) provides core services to the Verification and Provisioning front end services. On Provisioning path, it receives Endorsements and Trust Anchors, from [Provisioning](#Provisioning) front end, invokes attestation format specific scheme logic (example PSA) to generate specific keys and values and saves the information in the Endorsement Store and Trust Anchor Store. On the Verification path, it invokes attestation format specific scheme logic to parse attestation token to extract claims. From the claims, it constructs logical index/key to fetch the required trust anchors to validate the token. Subsequently from claims it constructs keys to fetch the associated Endorsements (`golden values`) from Endorsement Store to perform the appraisal of evidence. Upon evaluation it populates the Attestation Results to be communicated to the [Verification](#Verifcation) front end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Veraison Trusted Services (VTS) backend provides core services to the Verification and Provisioning frontends. On the Provisioning path, it receives Endorsements and Trust Anchors, from the [Provisioning](#Provisioning) frontend, invokes attestation format (e.g. PSA) specific logic (a "scheme") to generate Endorsements and Trust Anchors, and saves them in the corresponding stores. On the Verification path, it invokes attestation format specific logic (a "scheme") to parse attestation token and extract evidence claims. From these claims, it constructs a logical index/key to fetch the trust anchors required to validate the token, and the associated Endorsements (`golden values`) used to appraise the evidence claims. Upon evaluation, it populates the Attestation Result and communicates it to the [Verification](#Verifcation) frontend.
```

More details about the VTS can be found under [VTS](https://github.com/veraison/docs/tree/main/architecture/verifier#vts)

## KVStore

> The key-values store is Veraison Storage Layer. It is used to store both Endorsements and Trust Anchors, as key and values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The key-values store is the Veraison Storage Layer. It is used to store both Endorsements and Trust Anchors.
```
